Once upon a time, there was a frog that lived in a pretty castle up on the tallest hill in the world. The frog was unnoticed.. wandering the castle's underboroughs whilst
no one knew of it's existence. This frog had a prophecy.. to become the next king to rule the world yet the frog did not know of it's destiny. The current King and his 
knights searched far and wide for this frog, trying to fufill the fabled prophecy yet after 20 years of searching far and wide, they came up empty handed. The final words of the prophecy was hidden from the original writing. The final words stated, "after 21 years of the frogs life, it shall appear as if it was there all along." 

However, there is a twist in this story. Apparently, the frog fell of the top of the castle, and turned into a dog! He started barking all night because the prophecy clearly stated that to be the king he had to be a frog. Now, he will never make love with the queen- the only reason he wanted to become a king. 

The dog, once frog, spent all day trying to get back into the castle.  As a frog, the guards bore no thought to him, but as a dog they kicked him back, "Back foul stray!" they would shout.  The dog sat outside the gate defeated for hours.  However, the guard eventually fell asleep, and the dog used this moment of pure, almost prophetical, luck to sneak into the castle.  He went straight to the great hall, yet not a soul was present, only the sound of sorrowful weeping coming from the throne.  The dog stepped forward and looked down upon the sad height.  On the seat of the throne was a crown, and within it a curled up frog.  "Oh woe!  To be found in such a sad state!" said the frog.  "When word reached me that my men had found the fabled frog, to the old witch I beseeched, 'by whatever meams, prevent this frog from the rule that is foretold!' With a lock of my hair, and the stir of the cauldron, she told me drink.  Alas, when I awoke, I was alone.  Now I sit upon my throne secured, yet too small to wear my own crown, to rule over the court of none!"
